Q.1 What is your undestanding of Blockchain ?
Ans. The Blocklchain is the new hot undelying technology that pawers Bitcoin.In this article,we shall have a quick
     Overview of what Blockchain m,eans to web developers.
     .what is blockchain:The blockchain is defined as a ledger of facts.In this several computers are assembled in a 
      peer-to-peer network. Comunication inside this network  obeys cryptography.members of this network are termed as 
      nodes.
      .ordering facts:members of blockchain networks exchange facts P2P networks solve a difficult concept of reconciliation
      Relational database offer relational integrity. An ordering of facts guarantees integrity over a P2P networks 
      BlockChain implements proof-of-work consensus,using blocks.
      .Blocks:Blocks order facts in a network of peers when facts are grouped in blocks only a single chain of it replicates
      in the entire network each preceding block refers to the previous one.
      .Blockchain mainly relies on three concepts:
      1.peer-to-peer network
      2.Distributed consensus
      3.Public-key cryptography
      It is the combination of these three concepts that enable a computing breakthrough.

Q.2 What is the core problem blockchain trying to solve ?
Ans. Blockchain Addresses the problem of Data security and turst by making the Ledger public Hardware and software errors
     are not the only data security issue The blockchain has to also protect itself from willful fraud and theft Two 
     Blockchain design features help in this efort.Blockchain hepls streamline the entire process by cutting out any and
     all middlemen and lengthy procedures thereby the burden of unnecessary time delays.By using its secure and sophisticated
     distributed ledger once a transaction gets recorded the payment is almost instantaneously transferred to the receiving
     party Since the transaction can't be reversed or changed ,it also ensures better accountability and security than 
     the currently employed system.
 
Q.3 What are the few features which blockchain will give what all things does a block contain ?
Ans. Blockchain is the word that you might be hearing frequently But most of us are not completely aware of what blockschain
     is or how to describe it to others mopstly people think that Blockchain is bitcoin and vice-versa.But its not the case 
     In fact,Bitcoin is a digital currency or cryptocurrency that works on BlockChain technology.Blockchain was invented by
     satoshi Nakamoto.As the name suggests,blockchain is a chain of blocks that contains information each block consists
     of a number of transactions and each transaction is recorded in the form of hash.hash is a unique address assigned to 
     each block during its creation and any further modification in the block will lead to a change in its hash.
     A block has mainly 3 parts:
     1.Data/information part-contain the information of the transaction incurred
     2.Hash-Unique ID of block
     3.Previous Hash-Hash of previous block
     features:
     1.Data stored in blockchain is immutable and cannot be changed easily as explained above.also the data is added to the
      block after it is approved by everyone in the network and thus allowing secure transactions.Those who validate
      the transaction and add them in block are called miners.
     2.Blockchain is decentralized as well as an open ledger.ledger is the record of the transactions done and because it 
      is visible to everyone,therefore is called an open ledger.No individual or any organisation is incharge of the 
      transactions each and every connection in the blockchain network has same copy of the ledger.
     3.Blockchain provide a peer to peer network this characteristic of blockchain allows the transactions to involve only
      two parties,the sender and the receiver thus it removes the requirement of 'third party authorisation'because everyone
      in the network is themselves able to authorise the transactions.

Q.4  what all things does a Block contain ?
Ans. Blocks are files where data pertain	  				